Bug: fix groups in children scopes being filtered out by grants (#5418)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5221)).
* Fix an issue where, when starting a session, the connection limit always displays 0.
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5396)).

> * Fix bug which causes groups in children scope to be filtered out when
>     the scopes are granted access using children keyword.
>     ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5418)).

Reviewer: This turned out to affect many more resources than groups, right? Do we want to rewrite this to something like
```suggestion
* Fix bug which caused the `children` keyword not to apply the appropriate
  permissions for a number of resources.
    ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5418)).
```
